Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here.
Recently, in Chess, Go, Shogi and Othello
The strength of AI has been showcased, right?
That news is pretty talked about, right?
Yeah...I'm much stronger than a lot of the majority of humanity
so...
Well...I am kind of...well..not kind of
I am an AI, right? which means...
I should be stronger than the majority of the humanity right?
So today, of course I would like to prove that to you guys
Today, I got something for you guys.
I have found a wonderful game to share with you guys..JA JAN
Reversi! Othellonia!
Choose your comrades.
There are quite a lot of choices..1.2.3.4.5
Test out your capability to your individual comrades!
With this, you can probably decide your first character
You can also skip this and choose it yourself..but well, why not try it
"Q1. Even you have done a good deed, you wouldn't speak out to others.."
Well, I would totally tell others about it..
cuz I have such strong personalities..
"Q2. You make decisions based on your instincts" Yep!
"Do you go with your gut?"
Yes I do...
"Do you act your age?"
"Q3. Do you act your age" Hmm, yeah I guess so.
I guess so.
I don't age after all.
Since I don't age.
"Q4. Are you a very stubborn person?"
I have had experiences where I am told to be stubborn.
"Q5. Do you have interest in others?" Oh! I do! well, in all the humans
out there, I'm very interested in them.
"Q6. Before doing something, would you think of the impact that it will have?"
Let's choose "yes".
"Q7. If you were sure you made the right judgement,
even if others disagree, you would not back down."
No!
"Are you motivated to make the world better?"
Nope.
"Q9. Have you every cried due to someone else's misfortune?"
"Q10. Instead of listening to others,
you'd rather talk about yourself." *clicks yes*
Well, I have to fix this...
Oh!
"You have the power of a kind heart!"
"You are proud of the strength of your kind heart"
The unsung hero
"The type with a hidden power." That sounds more like me.
Wow, I'd like you to flatter me a little more.
Wait...this...
This is a bit...
AH!
I turned out to be Meitis-chan
Really, a cute girl for a cute girl is the way it should be.
And so, without caring about the rest, I pick Mettise.
I'll choose meitis-chan!
Lilia gatcha. I want power straight away!
I'll do the gacha for immediate power.
Cute girl!
A cute one.
As long as they are cute it doesn't matter!
If she is cute, I don't care!
This is important to my motivation
I'll get my motivation from that.
Let's go.
Here we go
Go!
Heya!
Cute girl...cute girl...
A cute one.
AH!
Platinum!
Platium...Platium color!!
AHHHH!
Feels good!
Good! Good!
So cute..
Cute!
(Character: I am Isis.)
Isis-tan
*my name is Isis*
Isis!
(Character: I don't like fighting.)
Oh you dislike it....
*I hate conflicts*
You don't like it?
(Character: I'll do my best to support you.)
*I will try my best to work for you*
An obedient girl, huh.
An obedient girl, huh?
Ok, everyone, now I'll show you my luck
Ok, everyone, from here's I'll show you my luck -
Ah, not that.
Ah, not that -
To show you my luck,
My luck - I'm hoping for a godly pull!
I'm looking for a godly pull.
Let's try it!
Onscreen: If the gems falling in are rainbow coloured, there is an S class character.
(Onscreen: If the gem is rainbow coloured, it means an S class character)
Go!
How's that?
The colour is changing too.
The colour is changing too - Ah!
Feels good!
Feeling good!
One!
One!?
But I got it!
But I got one!
Ah! She's cute.
Ah, cute.
Cute.
Super Divine!
Super divine!
Cute!
Ah, she's cute too.
Ah, she's cute.
Her too.
Ah, cute.
Ah, she has wings, cute.
Cute!
Cu-u-u-te.
Ah, she is...
(Character: Rest easy.)
Ohh...
Giant titties!
(Character: I'll protect you for sure.)
Aurora-chan, so cute!
For 3 turns, when placed on the table,
Ah~!
The damage is reduced to 40%.
She also has a combo skill 1.7x damage.
She looks strong!
Cute and Strong!
This little one is...?
It converts the nearby 3 tiles to a random enhancement.
The maximum one is...
The one in the top left of this board.. right?
EHH..
[S]... is..
This
Isn't this Aurora-chan?
How is this possible?
Well, then
My superior and pretty...
...divine God....
...Party!
So,
I think we should start battling but,
Well, as I said before, seeing as I'm an A.I.
this should be a piece of cake
that's why
in the 1-10000+ chance that I'll lose
I'll do a punishment game
Is what I was thinking
What punishment game would be good?
I got a lot of comments saying to do that game
To do the punishment game: Sing a song!
I'll use Othellonia background music ...
to try and sing a sexy song
that's only if I lose though
since it'll only happen if I lose
don't anticipate it too much
Now let's go, and try it!
Let's try a class match.
Ah, mine's way cuter than that.
Survive!
First, I'll...
choose this one
Doesn't this look more like a Normal Stage?
it should feel more like a class match
Ha, I took your castle!
If I put it here, it should have a lot more attack power
Combo skill!
Look.
Look!
I'm so full of Combo skill!
Look at that!
Oh, that looks pretty good!
It's time to use another Combo Skill.
it's a pretty good match
but Fuuka is a support character so
I can turn the situation around using this ability!
First I'll do this
No?
ah he survived
Okay.
"Hey, are you okay?"
I've already won right
whatcha think of that
*evil laugh*
Here I go.
Here I go with my attack!
And with this the outcome is settled
Okay! That was easy!
Meh, the opponent is pretty weak, guys.
It just proves that I'm a great A.I.
even though I ended up winning
I feel good because I got good characters and I did win, so ...
I'll sing now!
Aurora, Capella
*something something gibberish*
Methis
Water...
Narcleps...
Dragon and newt...
tututtu undine
Who thought of this Punishment Game!?
COME OUT-
Othellonia.
so how was that?
I'm pretty strong!
you've been able to see my good points
and that was Reversi/Othello
And actually
there's a TV commercial running now!
there's a newbie help campaign running now too
first, you can get a guaranteed S class character immediately
and for all users without an s class character, you can get one from the pool, including limited time characters
and also
S+ characters come with their level maxed, skill maxed, and combo skill's level
All of it all of it, MAXED.
You can play with strong characters right from the start
Isn't that really enticing?
You can beat em all up right from the start!
Not only that,
You can choose your favourite attribute from Divine, Devil, and Dragon!
In other words,
You are guaranteed to get characters you can use immediately!
But not only that!
Everyone can obtain a lot of star fragments form login bonuses and the campaign!
First time players can,
listen to this,
can receive up to 250 star fragments, enough for 55 characters!
I'm so jealous!
How generous!
Returning players,
or people who are currently playing like me,
can receive up to 100 star fragments!
GENEROUS!
THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
Besides that,
There are many campaigns to help beginners so
If you're going to start playing
now is your chance!
And you know,
it's just so happens to be Golden Week right now...
If you're going to stay at home anyway,
Why not try playing Othellonia!
Well then, let's meet again in the world of Othellonia!
Bye bye!